README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="src/assets/logobl.png" width="64px">
</p>
<h1 align="center">
    biitle.nl
</h1>

<p align="center">

![Badge GitHub Actions] ![Badge Commits] ![Badge Up] ![Badge License] ![Badge Issues]

</p>

## Hello!
This is my personal homepage, where I have my:

- Portfolio
- Socials
- and projects

## Testing
biitle.nl does **NOT** have a tool like [Vite](https://vitejs.dev) to run a server for testing, so you have to use something like [Live Server for Visual Sutdio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) or [Live Preview for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.live-server) to test the website.

## Cloning

Do `git clone https://github.com/fgclue/biitle.nl`, to test, read the section above.

## TODO: FINISH PORTFOLIO

<!---------------------[Badges]--------------------->

[Badge GitHub Actions]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/fgclue/biitle.nl/move.yml?label=Automatic%20Branch%20Copying
[Badge Commits]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/fgclue/biitle.nl?label=Commits
[Badge Up]: https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fbiitle.nl&label=Website%3A%20biitle.nl
[Badge License]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-red.svg
[Badge Issues]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/fgclue/biitle.nl

Commit message:

add contributing section to readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="src/assets/logobl.png" width="64px">
</p>
<h1 align="center">
    biitle.nl
</h1>

<p align="center" style="display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center;">

![Badge GitHub Actions] ![Badge Commits] ![Badge Up] ![Badge License] ![Badge Issues]

</p>

## Hello!
This is my personal homepage, where I have my:

- Portfolio
- Socials
- and projects

## Contributing
Fork this repo and clone it.

Create a new branch: `git checkout -b your/branch`

Then, start your web server and run `npm run tailwind`.

After that, commit your work: `git commit -am "Message"`

and then push your work: `git push origin your/branch`

Now, create a PR on the main repo.


<!---------------------[Badges]--------------------->

[Badge GitHub Actions]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/fgclue/biitle.nl/move.yml?label=Automatic%20Branch%20Copying
[Badge Commits]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/fgclue/biitle.nl?label=Commits
[Badge Up]: https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Fbiitle.nl&label=Website%3A%20biitle.nl
[Badge License]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-red.svg
[Badge Issues]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/fgclue/biitle.nl
